Fix a broken link (#751)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/guides/developer/working-with-json/json-other-approaches.md

### Default vs Materialized

> The use of default columns represents one of the ways to achieve “Materialized columns”. There is also a [MATERIALIZED](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/table/#materialized) column syntax. This differs from [DEFAULT](../../../sql-reference/statements/create/table/#default) in a few ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of default columns represents one of the ways to achieve “Materialized columns”. There is also a [MATERIALIZED](/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/table.md/#materialized) column syntax. This differs from [DEFAULT](/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/table.md/#default) in a few ways:
```
